Changelog   herbert comments (#1)
nokia/camaraproject-ReleaseManagement: documentation/CHANGELOG_EXAMPLE.md

  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/blob/r1.6/code/API_definitions/qod-api.yaml)

### Fixed
 
* Updated the documentation to address the lack of `statusInfo` in `SessionInfo` temporary by @hdamker in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/269
  * Note: The parameter `statusInfo` will be added to `SessionInfo` within next regular release
* Fixed maximum duration in session info and improved documentation by @emil-cheung in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/277
  * Improved the documentation of "Extend the duration of an active session"
  * Improved the datatype "SessionInfo" to remove the maximum limit of duration

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/compare/r1.5...r1.6

# r1.5 - public

## Release Notes

This release contains the definition and documentation of
* quality-on-demand v0.10.0

The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities v0.2.0
* Identity and Consent Management v0.1.0

## quality-on-demand v0.10.0

> **quality-on-demand v0.10.0 is an initial public version with significant changes compared to the previous initial version [v0.9.0](#v090) and is not backward compatible.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**quality-on-demand v0.10.0 is a new initial public version with significant changes compared to the previous initial version [v0.9.0](#v090) and is not backward compatible.**
```

### Fixed

* Added error code 501 "Not Implemented" by @dfischer-tech in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/124
  
### Removed

* Removed format lines from Datatypes `Ipv4Address` and `Ipv6Address` by @tlohmar in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/177
* Removed markdown documentation (now embedded within the OAS definition, see above)

## New Contributors
* @jlurien made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/104
* @dfischer-tech made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/124
* @mdomale made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/134

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/compare/r1.1...r1.2

# r1.1 - alpha

## Release Notes

This release contains the definition and documentation of
* quality-on-demand v0.10.0-alpha.1

## quality-on-demand v0.10.0-alpha.1

- **This version contains significant changes compared to v0.9.0, and it is not backward compatible**
  - Especially a lot of the parameter names changed in line with the agreed glossary within CAMARA Commonalities

> - **This is only the pre-release, it should be considered as a draft of the upcoming release v0.9.0**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **This is only the pre-release, it should be considered as a draft of the upcoming release v0.10.0**
```
The root cause here is that this two alpha versions are derived from the v0.9.0 content and not from the v0.10.0-rc.1 content as they should be.
